README.md, before:

# `vps_config`

I never really quite understood why a casual internet user might _want_ or _need_ a VPS. Until I got one. 

### What's so great about having a VPS?

- You have a publicly accessible, always-on presence on the Internet.
- A VPS probably has a much faster connection than you do at home/work.
- There is no firewall on your VPS.
- VPS' are _disposable_. Try things out without fear of losing your critical data / whatnot. 
- VPS' don't take up space, electricity, or aggravation in your physical world.

### What is `vps_config` and why is it SO great?

- Clone this repo wherever you want to manage and interact with your VPS.
- Sets up dns.he.net DNS entries for your VPS allowing you to use myvps.mydomain.com instead of IP's.


# Previously submodules

[submodule "digital-ocean-pptp-vpn"]
	path = modules/digital-ocean-pptp-vpn
	url = git@github.com:MdNor/digital-ocean-pptp-vpn.git
[submodule "openvpn_autoconfig"]
	path = modules/openvpn_autoconfig
	url = git@github.com:tinfoil/openvpn_autoconfig.git
[submodule "pyHurricaneDNS"]
	path = modules/pyHurricaneDNS
	url = git@github.com:tresni/pyHurricaneDNS.git
[submodule "darling"]
	path = modules/darling
	url = https://github.com/LubosD/darling.git


#secrets

To run this thing from a private repo, you MUST set and env variable with your oath token

`GITHUB_OATH=<TOKEN>`

## Usage

`vps_config` can be run a FEW ways.

From a cloned github repo (i.e. on your local development machine)

`git clone https://github.com/mralexgray/vps_config.git && vps_config`



Flatdoc
=======

Flatdoc is a small JavaScript file that fetches Markdown files and renders them
as full pages. Essentially, it's the easiest
way to make open source documentation from *Readme* files.

 * No server-side components
 * No build process needed
 * Deployable via GitHub Pages
 * Can fetch GitHub Readme files
 * Gorgeous default theme (and it's responsive)
 * Just create an HTML file and deploy!

*Current version: [v0.9.0][dist]*

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rstacruz/flatdoc.svg?branch=gh-pages)](https://travis-ci.org/rstacruz/flatdoc)

Getting started
---------------

Create a file based on the template, which has a bare DOM, link to the
scripts, and a link to a theme. It will look something like this (not exact).
For GitHub projects, simply place this file in your [GitHub pages] branch and
you're all good to go.

*In short: just download this file and upload it somewhere.*

The main JS and CSS files are also available in [npm] and [bower].

[Default theme template >][template]

[Blank template >][blank]

[bower]: http://bower.io/search/?q=flatdoc
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.org/package/flatdoc

### Via GitHub

To fetch a Github Repository's readme file, use the `Flatdoc.github` fetcher.
This will fetch the Readme file of the repository's default branch.

``` javascript
Flatdoc.run({
  fetcher: Flatdoc.github('USER/REPO')
});
```

You may also fetch another file other than the Readme file, just specify it as
the 2nd parameter.

``` javascript
Flatdoc.run({
  fetcher: Flatdoc.github('USER/REPO', 'Changelog.md')
});
```

After you've done this, you probably want to deploy it via [GitHub Pages].

[GitHub Pages guide >][GitHub Pages]

### Via a file

You may also fetch a file. In this example, this fetches the file `Readme.md` in
the same folder as the HTML file.

``` javascript
Flatdoc.run({
  fetcher: Flatdoc.file('Readme.md')
});
```

You may actually supply any URL here. It will be fetched via AJAX. This is
useful for local testing.

``` javascript
Flatdoc.run({
  fetcher: Flatdoc.file('http://yoursite.com/Readme.md')
});
```

How it works
------------

Flatdoc is a hosted `.js` file (along with a theme and its assets) that you can
add into any page hosted anywhere.

#### All client-side

There are no build scripts or 3rd-party services involved. Everything is done in
the browser. Worried about performance? Oh, It's pretty fast.

Flatdoc utilizes the [GitHub API] to fetch your project's Readme files. You may
also configure it to fetch any arbitrary URL via AJAX.

#### Lightning-fast parsing

Next, it uses [marked], an extremely fast Markdown parser that has support for
GitHub flavored Markdown.

Flatdoc then simply renders *menu* and *content* DOM elements to your HTML
document. Flatdoc also comes with a default theme to style your page for you, or
you may opt to create your own styles.

Markdown extras
---------------

Flatdoc offers a few harmless, unobtrusive extras that come in handy in building
documentation sites.

#### Code highlighting

You can use Markdown code fences to make syntax-highlighted text. Simply
surround your text with three backticks. This works in GitHub as well.
See [GitHub Syntax Highlighting][fences] for more info.

    ``` html
    <strong>Hola, mundo</strong>
    ```

#### Blockquotes

Blockquotes show up as side figures. This is useful for providing side
information or non-code examples.

> Blockquotes are blocks that begin with `>`.

#### Smart quotes

Single quotes, double quotes, and double-hyphens are automatically replaced to
their typographically-accurate equivalent. This, of course, does not apply to
`<code>` and `<pre>` blocks to leave code alone.

> "From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the
> point that must be reached."  
> --Franz Kafka

#### Buttons

If your link text has a `>` at the end (for instance: `Continue >`), they show
up as buttons.

> [View in GitHub >][project]

Customizing
===========

Basic
-----

### Theme options

For the default theme (*theme-white*), You can set theme options by adding
classes to the `<body>` element. The available options are:

#### big-h3
Makes 3rd-level headings bigger.

``` html
<body class='big-h3'>
```

#### no-literate
Disables "literate" mode, where code appears on the right and content text
appear on the left.

``` html
<body class='no-literate'>
```

#### large-brief
Makes the opening paragraph large.

``` html
<body class='large-brief'>
```

### Adding more markup

You have full control over the HTML file, just add markup wherever you see fit.
As long as you leave `role='flatdoc-content'` and `role='flatdoc-menu'` empty as
they are, you'll be fine.

Here are some ideas to get you started.

 * Add a CSS file to make your own CSS adjustments.
 * Add a 'Tweet' button on top.
 * Add Google Analytics.
 * Use CSS to style the IDs in menus (`#acknowledgements + p`).

### JavaScript hooks

Flatdoc emits the events `flatdoc:loading` and `flatdoc:ready` to help you make
custom behavior when the document loads.

``` js
$(document).on('flatdoc:ready', function() {
  // I don't like this section to appear
  $("#acknowledgements").remove();
});
```

Full customization
------------------

You don't have to be restricted to the given theme. Flatdoc is just really one
`.js` file that expects 2 HTML elements (for *menu* and *content*). Start with
the blank template and customize as you see fit.

[Get blank template >][template]

Misc
====

Inspirations
------------

The following projects have inspired Flatdoc.

 * [Backbone.js] - Jeremy's projects have always adopted this "one page
 documentation" approach which I really love.

 * [Docco] - Jeremy's Docco introduced me to the world of literate programming,
 and side-by-side documentation in general.

 * [Stripe] - Flatdoc took inspiration on the look of their API documentation.

 * [DocumentUp] - This service has the same idea but does a hosted readme 
 parsing approach.

Attributions
------------

[Photo](http://www.flickr.com/photos/doug88888/2953428679/) taken from Flickr,
licensed under Creative Commons.

Acknowledgements
----------------

© 2013, 2014, Rico Sta. Cruz. Released under the [MIT 
License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).

**Flatdoc** is authored and maintained by [Rico Sta. Cruz][rsc] with help from its 
[contributors][c].

 * [My website](http://ricostacruz.com) (ricostacruz.com)
 * [Github](http://github.com/rstacruz) (@rstacruz)
 * [Twitter](http://twitter.com/rstacruz) (@rstacruz)

[rsc]: http://ricostacruz.com
[c]:   http://github.com/rstacruz/flatdoc/contributors

[GitHub API]: http://github.com/api
[marked]: https://github.com/chjj/marked
[Backbone.js]: http://backbonejs.org
[dox]: https://github.com/visionmedia/dox
[Stripe]: https://stripe.com/docs/api
[Docco]: http://jashkenas.github.com/docco
[GitHub pages]: https://pages.github.com
[fences]:https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown#syntax-highlighting
[DocumentUp]: http://documentup.com

[project]: https://github.com/rstacruz/flatdoc
[template]: https://github.com/rstacruz/flatdoc/raw/gh-pages/templates/template.html
[blank]: https://github.com/rstacruz/flatdoc/raw/gh-pages/templates/blank.html
[dist]: https://github.com/rstacruz/flatdoc/tree/gh-pages/v/0.9.0

Commit message:

pushing local changes for semi-merger with dotfiles

README.md, after:

# `vps_config`

###Required ENV keys 

`DIGOCEAN_ID`
`DIGOCEAN_KEY`

or optionally, store these two credntials with the variablein ~/.digitalocean.



I never really quite understood why a casual internet user might _want_ or _need_ a VPS. Until I got one. 

### What's so great about having a VPS?

- You have a publicly accessible, always-on presence on the Internet.
- A VPS probably has a much faster connection than you do at home/work.
- There is no firewall on your VPS.
- VPS' are _disposable_. Try things out without fear of losing your critical data / whatnot. 
- VPS' don't take up space, electricity, or aggravation in your physical world.

### What is `vps_config` and why is it SO great?

- Clone this repo wherever you want to manage and interact with your VPS.
- Sets up dns.he.net DNS entries for your VPS allowing you to use myvps.mydomain.com instead of IP's.


# Previously submodules

[submodule "digital-ocean-pptp-vpn"]
	path = modules/digital-ocean-pptp-vpn
	url = git@github.com:MdNor/digital-ocean-pptp-vpn.git
[submodule "openvpn_autoconfig"]
	path = modules/openvpn_autoconfig
	url = git@github.com:tinfoil/openvpn_autoconfig.git
[submodule "pyHurricaneDNS"]
	path = modules/pyHurricaneDNS
	url = git@github.com:tresni/pyHurricaneDNS.git
[submodule "darling"]
	path = modules/darling
	url = https://github.com/LubosD/darling.git


#secrets

To run this thing from a private repo, you MUST set and env variable with your oath token

`GITHUB_OATH=<TOKEN>`

## Usage

`vps_config` can be run a FEW ways.

From a cloned github repo (i.e. on your local development machine)

`git clone https://github.com/mralexgray/vps_config.git && vps_config`



Flatdoc
=======

Flatdoc is a small JavaScript file that fetches Markdown files and renders them
as full pages. Essentially, it's the easiest
way to make open source documentation from *Readme* files.

 * No server-side components
 * No build process needed
 * Deployable via GitHub Pages
 * Can fetch GitHub Readme files
 * Gorgeous default theme (and it's responsive)
 * Just create an HTML file and deploy!

*Current version: [v0.9.0][dist]*

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rstacruz/flatdoc.svg?branch=gh-pages)](https://travis-ci.org/rstacruz/flatdoc)

Getting started
---------------

Create a file based on the template, which has a bare DOM, link to the
scripts, and a link to a theme. It will look something like this (not exact).
For GitHub projects, simply place this file in your [GitHub pages] branch and
you're all good to go.

*In short: just download this file and upload it somewhere.*

The main JS and CSS files are also available in [npm] and [bower].

[Default theme template >][template]

[Blank template >][blank]

[bower]: http://bower.io/search/?q=flatdoc
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.org/package/flatdoc

### Via GitHub

To fetch a Github Repository's readme file, use the `Flatdoc.github` fetcher.
This will fetch the Readme file of the repository's default branch.

``` javascript
Flatdoc.run({
  fetcher: Flatdoc.github('USER/REPO')
});
```

You may also fetch another file other than the Readme file, just specify it as
the 2nd parameter.

``` javascript
Flatdoc.run({
  fetcher: Flatdoc.github('USER/REPO', 'Changelog.md')
});
```

After you've done this, you probably want to deploy it via [GitHub Pages].

[GitHub Pages guide >][GitHub Pages]

### Via a file

You may also fetch a file. In this example, this fetches the file `Readme.md` in
the same folder as the HTML file.

``` javascript
Flatdoc.run({
  fetcher: Flatdoc.file('Readme.md')
});
```

You may actually supply any URL here. It will be fetched via AJAX. This is
useful for local testing.

``` javascript
Flatdoc.run({
  fetcher: Flatdoc.file('http://yoursite.com/Readme.md')
});
```

How it works
------------

Flatdoc is a hosted `.js` file (along with a theme and its assets) that you can
add into any page hosted anywhere.

#### All client-side

There are no build scripts or 3rd-party services involved. Everything is done in
the browser. Worried about performance? Oh, It's pretty fast.

Flatdoc utilizes the [GitHub API] to fetch your project's Readme files. You may
also configure it to fetch any arbitrary URL via AJAX.

#### Lightning-fast parsing

Next, it uses [marked], an extremely fast Markdown parser that has support for
GitHub flavored Markdown.

Flatdoc then simply renders *menu* and *content* DOM elements to your HTML
document. Flatdoc also comes with a default theme to style your page for you, or
you may opt to create your own styles.

Markdown extras
---------------

Flatdoc offers a few harmless, unobtrusive extras that come in handy in building
documentation sites.

#### Code highlighting

You can use Markdown code fences to make syntax-highlighted text. Simply
surround your text with three backticks. This works in GitHub as well.
See [GitHub Syntax Highlighting][fences] for more info.

    ``` html
    <strong>Hola, mundo</strong>
    ```

#### Blockquotes

Blockquotes show up as side figures. This is useful for providing side
information or non-code examples.

> Blockquotes are blocks that begin with `>`.

#### Smart quotes

Single quotes, double quotes, and double-hyphens are automatically replaced to
their typographically-accurate equivalent. This, of course, does not apply to
`<code>` and `<pre>` blocks to leave code alone.

> "From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the
> point that must be reached."  
> --Franz Kafka

#### Buttons

If your link text has a `>` at the end (for instance: `Continue >`), they show
up as buttons.

> [View in GitHub >][project]

Customizing
===========

Basic
-----

### Theme options

For the default theme (*theme-white*), You can set theme options by adding
classes to the `<body>` element. The available options are:

#### big-h3
Makes 3rd-level headings bigger.

``` html
<body class='big-h3'>
```

#### no-literate
Disables "literate" mode, where code appears on the right and content text
appear on the left.

``` html
<body class='no-literate'>
```

#### large-brief
Makes the opening paragraph large.

``` html
<body class='large-brief'>
```

### Adding more markup

You have full control over the HTML file, just add markup wherever you see fit.
As long as you leave `role='flatdoc-content'` and `role='flatdoc-menu'` empty as
they are, you'll be fine.

Here are some ideas to get you started.

 * Add a CSS file to make your own CSS adjustments.
 * Add a 'Tweet' button on top.
 * Add Google Analytics.
 * Use CSS to style the IDs in menus (`#acknowledgements + p`).

### JavaScript hooks

Flatdoc emits the events `flatdoc:loading` and `flatdoc:ready` to help you make
custom behavior when the document loads.

``` js
$(document).on('flatdoc:ready', function() {
  // I don't like this section to appear
  $("#acknowledgements").remove();
});
```

Full customization
------------------

You don't have to be restricted to the given theme. Flatdoc is just really one
`.js` file that expects 2 HTML elements (for *menu* and *content*). Start with
the blank template and customize as you see fit.

[Get blank template >][template]

Misc
====

Inspirations
------------

The following projects have inspired Flatdoc.

 * [Backbone.js] - Jeremy's projects have always adopted this "one page
 documentation" approach which I really love.

 * [Docco] - Jeremy's Docco introduced me to the world of literate programming,
 and side-by-side documentation in general.

 * [Stripe] - Flatdoc took inspiration on the look of their API documentation.

 * [DocumentUp] - This service has the same idea but does a hosted readme 
 parsing approach.

Attributions
------------

[Photo](http://www.flickr.com/photos/doug88888/2953428679/) taken from Flickr,
licensed under Creative Commons.

Acknowledgements
----------------

© 2013, 2014, Rico Sta. Cruz. Released under the [MIT 
License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).

**Flatdoc** is authored and maintained by [Rico Sta. Cruz][rsc] with help from its 
[contributors][c].

 * [My website](http://ricostacruz.com) (ricostacruz.com)
 * [Github](http://github.com/rstacruz) (@rstacruz)
 * [Twitter](http://twitter.com/rstacruz) (@rstacruz)

[rsc]: http://ricostacruz.com
[c]:   http://github.com/rstacruz/flatdoc/contributors

[GitHub API]: http://github.com/api
[marked]: https://github.com/chjj/marked
[Backbone.js]: http://backbonejs.org
[dox]: https://github.com/visionmedia/dox
[Stripe]: https://stripe.com/docs/api
[Docco]: http://jashkenas.github.com/docco
[GitHub pages]: https://pages.github.com
[fences]:https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown#syntax-highlighting
[DocumentUp]: http://documentup.com

[project]: https://github.com/rstacruz/flatdoc
[template]: https://github.com/rstacruz/flatdoc/raw/gh-pages/templates/template.html
[blank]: https://github.com/rstacruz/flatdoc/raw/gh-pages/templates/blank.html
[dist]: https://github.com/rstacruz/flatdoc/tree/gh-pages/v/0.9.0
